# Group-project
/kokebeTsebah2. Kokebe Tsibah secondary and preparatory prepare school closing function (gathering) and invite various concerned body. The people who attend the school function categorized in to four groups and given a code. Accordingly, 1 represents an infant, 2 represents a child, 3 represents a teenager, and 4 represents an adult. No other integer value should be accepted as valid input, and data entry should stop when a negative value is entered. Write an application that read entrance ticket number, person code as 1, 2, 3 or 4, and entrance fee. The fee schedule is 5ETB for child, 10ETB infant, and 20ETB for teenager and adults. The program should compute and display total numbers of people attend the function and total amount of ticket sales. Also the program should display a list of how many infants, children, teenagers, and adults were at the school function along with category codes. You should write the program without using array.


/primecheck-A prime number is an integer greater than one and divisible only by itself and one. Write an application that reads an integer number N and check if it is prime number or not. If the number is prime then the program prints out the average value of prime numbers between 1 and N. Otherwise the program should find and prints out all prime factors of inputted number N. (Hint: 1 is a prime number. For each number from greater than or equal to 2, find Remainder = N % k, where k ranges from 2 to sqrt(N). If k is greater than sqrt(number), the number is not equally divisible by k. And if any Remainder equals 0, the number is not a prime number.


/pattern-
